[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Now we've
created a package JSON.
We have our actual module file, so the
only last step that we would need unless
we were trying to commit to a GitHub repo.
Other than that we would
just do an npm publish and
we would use the name of our module.
So in this case the name was helloworld.
Now I'm not going to press enter because
if I do it's going to come back an error
at me that there's already
a hello world module in the repo.
But had I picked a non-conflicting
name and I hit enter.
You'd see a bunch of output here and
it would eventually come back and
say success you've published
your first NPM module.
And that's all it takes.
So now if there was a Hello World
module all, anybody would have to
do yourself included to bring it down
is to say npm install Hello World.
>> Kyle Simpson: And it's going
to pull it off the repository or
update if you've already got it and
get you the latest version of it.
And then the last piece of this puzzle
is that if we wanted to use that inside
of our code remember our program,
instead of having to reference
it by a manual filename.
Now we would be able to reference it by
just its package name just like we do
with other modules.
>> Kyle Simpson: Cuz it would have been
installed in the proper install location
In the proper directory location so
we could just reference it by name.
And that's really all there
is to creating NPM modules.
Anything that you could think of
that's even remotely something that
might be reusable by other people or
by other libraries.
You should think about
open sourcing it and
publishing it on NPM cuz
it's really quite simple.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: So will
it cool down the dependencies too?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes.
If we had listed dependencies
here like minimist and
somebody says npm install hello world.
Inside of my, that's an important point,
I appreciate you asking that question.
So inside,
let's go into node_modules/minimist, okay?
Well first of all,
let me go into node_modules.
I've installed minimist and these are the
only ones that I've actually installed.
I've installed my asyncquence,
asynquence-contrib, minimist, node-static,
which we'll get to and socket.io.
Those are the only ones I've installed
as node modules for my current project,
my exercises project but
let's go in to minimist for just a minute.
Minimist is its own module directory
has a bunch of stuff in it like it's
license file and things like that.
Now let's look at their package.json.
>> Kyle Simpson: You see noted right here,
kind of the fourth line down from the top,
right here you see a list of
what's called devDependencies.
The devDependencies means these
are dependencies that are required only if
somebody is gonna do
a development task like, say,
run your test suite, or build files,
or something like that.
So they don't get installed right away.
But had those been listed as dependencies
then inside of this minimist directory we
would see another note modules directory
which has the dependencies for minimist.
If I come back out I'll get to
that question just a second.
Well, if I come back out here and
I go into socket.io,
which I know has dependencies, and
we look here you see that down there at
the bottom that socket.io does in fact
have Its own node modules directory.
That's because their packaged .JSON,
>> Kyle Simpson: Listed some dependencies.
You can see right there they listed
right there in the middle of the screen.
They listed the socket.io-client,
the policyfile, base64id, and redis okay.
So they're requiring those for
them to run,
they pull those things in automatically
just whenever you do an N.P.N. install.
What was the question?
>> Speaker 2: David W is wondering if you
downloaded a ton of modules can it pollute
the node.JS instance?
I'm not sure what he means
by node.JS instance.
I'm gonna ask him for clarification.
>> Kyle Simpson: My guess is you're asking
if there's a whole bunch of dependencies
or all of those things getting
loaded up in memory and is that.
>> Speaker 2: Okay,
yeah [CROSSTALK] would you wanna keep
them to a minimum in a production app.
>> Kyle Simpson: So I'm going to put on
the hat of just speaking purely out of
opinion here.
I think there is far too much bloat
in the current NPM module world
with everybody depending
on 5,000 other modules.
It's kind of the hit I call it the hidden
module tax because you find this
neat little module listed somewhere on
NPM and you're like it's this cool thing.
It does exactly what I want.
You do NPM install.
And it downloads 5000 dependencies that
you didn't know it was gonna download.
And then every one of those dependencies
had dependencies that they downloaded and
so forth.
And I think we've gotten a little
bit crazy with our dependencies.
So I would agree with the spirit of the
question that says you should pay a little
bit of attention to what you're installing
because yeah it definitely is gonna blow
your file system.
It's gonna blow out your bandwidth tasks.
A lot of people use NPM as
a production deploy mechanism.
So they deploy their app and they ask for
all their modules to be pulled
down off of an NPM repository.
Well you're paying for that bandwidth
in your production environment and
if you're spending up new VM's every
couple of minutes in the AWS and
you're pulling down 100's of
megabytes worth the dependencies.
You're paying for all that bandwidth.
So there is a tax there and
we should be aware of that whenever
we use other people's modules.
>> Speaker 2: James L was also
wondering kind of in a similar grain,
will dependency be installed
twice if it's required by
two different modules you're using?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes because you'll note
that the dependencies were installed
inside of the directory.
So socket IO's dependencies
didn't get installed in my
directory they got installed
inside of socket IO subdirectory.
So yes there will be multiple copies
however NPM does a really good job of
making sure that there's a cache so it's
not read downloading it multiple times.
Theoretically I think there's supposed
to be a way for it to, you can link it.
So you could install it once and
globally and
then link it into your local locations,
but there's ways to manage it but yes.
Each module gets its own copy
of its own dependencies.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: If there isn't an upgrade to
the package [INAUDIBLE].
>> Kyle Simpson: There's no daemon that's
running that's automatically updating
your stuff but
every time you run npm install
on your package name it will
get the latest version or
if you do npm update it'll get
the latest version of all your packages.
So as a regular maintenance process,
you want to run npm update to get the
latest version of everything that you're
depending upon
>> Speaker 2: How hard is it to set
up your npm repository either for
internal company packages or
just for the production situation where
you might have on your own local NPM cache
[INAUDIBLE].
How hard is it to set
up something like that?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah that's
a fantastic question.
I have never done it but
that is actually a suggested thing.
NPM has a public repository where
everybody in the open source community can
share but NPM itself is a protocol for
private repositories.
So as I understand it you should be
able to get their code deploy it
on a server and it should just work.
I've never actually done it myself though.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Greg M is asking for
clarification on what the terms of
the dev dependencies will be installed.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes, so it's only if you
do something, so the dev dependencies will
not be automatically installed at all
if you're inside of a module directory.
Let's say I go inside of
node_modules/minimist.
Remember that minimist had
some dev dependencies listed?
If we looked at their package .JSON,
remember they had some dev
dependencies listed which were
tape and tap, I don't know what those are,
but those are some devDependencies, okay?
So inside of the minister rectory if
I do npm install without anything.
It's gonna automatically install
any of my developer dependencies.
So you'll note that it will go and
get tape and
tap, and any of their dependencies, and
runs through the whole long list of stuff.
So now, I have a node modules directory
where I did not have one before.
I have a node modules directory
here that has tape in tap.
Okay and of course if we went into tape or
tap we'd find that they have their
own the dependencies and so forth.
The reason I ran in NPM install is that
I might want to do something like test
I might wanna run their
test suite locally.
So, I did npm test and
I ran their test suite.
What you list in your dev dependencies
are things that you want people to only,
you only want them to download if they
intend to do some sort of developer tasks,
like run your test suite, or
build your files, or something like that.
>> Kyle Simpson: There's another
way of annotating dependencies,
it's called an optional dependency.
You could put optional dependencies in
there if you have a dependency that is
not required but is preferred.
For instance if you have a minifier
that you prefer to be able to use but
your code is able to ignore
it if there is no minifier,
then you might list one of the minifiers.
Like five.js, you might list that
is an optional dependency and
it'll only be installed if
the person wants to install it.
>> Kyle Simpson: Great questions anymore
about how we are managing things with
these packages.
Okay.
I don't need that polluting my stuff,
so I'm gonna go ahead and
delete their dev dependencies,
cuz I don't care about those.